	Amazon AWS	Google AppEngin	Microsoft Azure	IBM Smart Business Dev.
focus	Infrastructure	Platform	Platform	Infrastructure
Infrastructure and virtualization architecture	IaaS
OS level running on a Xen hypervisor.	Paas
Application Container	IaaS, PaaS
OS level through fabric controller	Iaas websphere
Platforms	AWS	Google Cloud	Microsoft cloud application.	Softlayer
Persistent Storage	To persistent data storage you can use one of the 3 alternatives – Simple DB, 
Simple Storage Service (S3) or Relational Database Service (RDS).	Only non-relational storage is available.	Only non-relational storage is available.	Support for CDP Persistent Storage Manager.

Monitoring	Amazon cloud watch	System status dashboard.	Azure management portal.	Tivoli monitoring
Load Balancing	Elastic load balancing	Offers server-side load balancing. 	There are two levels of load balancing available :  DNS Level, Network level	 The IBM iFlow Director is designed to deliver high availability, scalability and lower cost of ownership for any application delivery
Message Queues	Simple queue service	Pull push queues	Azure queues
Service bus queues	Web sphere.
Development Tools	AWS Management Console.
AWS Toolkit for Eclipse.
AWS Toolkit for Microsoft Visual Studio.
Google Web Toolkit (GWT) Visualization Library. 
Eclipse Rich AJAX Platform (RAP) Visualization Wrappers.
Visual Studio tools.
Azure SDK for .NET	RAD, RSA, RDA, RSM, RWD

Integration with other services	Dynamo DB			
Web APIs	REST API	Task queue REST API	ASP.net	Websphere cast iron live web API
Programming Framework	Customizable linux based amazon machine image.	Python	Microsoft.net	Enterprise java platform.
Pricing	Machine CPU	$0.085-3016 per hour	$0.10 per hour	$0.12 per hour	$0.30 per hour
	Storage	$0.10 per GB per month	$0.15 per GB per month	$0.15 per GB per month	$0.1536per hour
	I/O	$0.10 per million transactions.	$0.10 per hour		
	Bandwidth	$0.10 per GB for incoming.
$0.12 per GB for outgoing.	$0.10 per GB for incoming
$0.12 per GB for outgoing
	$0.10 per GB for incoming
$0.15 per GB for outgoing	
Cloud Computing Platforms Comparison


